a:5:{s:8:"template";s:4950:"<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8"/>
<meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1, maximum-scale=1" name="viewport"/>
<title>{{ keyword }}</title>
<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Open+Sans%3A400%2C600%2C700%2C800%2C300&amp;subset=latin%2Clatin-ext" id="startos-fonts-css" media="all" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<style rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">@charset "UTF-8";.has-drop-cap:not(:focus):first-letter{float:left;font-size:8.4em;line-height:.68;font-weight:100;margin:.05em .1em 0 0;text-transform:uppercase;font-style:normal}.has-drop-cap:not(:focus):after{content:"";display:table;clear:both;padding-top:14px}footer,header,nav{display:block}html{background:#fff;color:#000;font-family:sans-serif;-ms-text-size-adjust:100%;-webkit-text-size-adjust:100%}body{margin:0}a:focus{outline:thin dotted}a:active,a:hover{outline:0}body{font-family:'Open Sans',sans-serif;background-color:#fff;color:#777}body[data-skin=dark]{background-color:#20242e;color:#999}body{font-size:13px;line-height:22px}h2{font-size:26px;line-height:32px}::-moz-selection,::selection{text-shadow:none;color:#fff}.clearfix:after{content:"";display:table;clear:both}.text-align-center{text-align:center}*,:after,:before{-webkit-box-sizing:border-box;-moz-box-sizing:border-box;box-sizing:border-box;word-wrap:break-word}html{height:100%;overflow-y:scroll}body{margin:0;min-height:100%}ul{list-style-position:inside}a{text-decoration:none}a:active,a:hover{outline:0}ul{margin:0 0 15px 0;padding:0}h2{margin:0 0 15px 0;font-weight:400}a,a:active,a:focus,a:hover{outline:0}#wrap{width:100%;min-height:100%;margin:0 auto;position:relative;overflow:hidden}#footer{position:relative;text-align:center;padding:20px;background-color:#212737;color:#fff;font-size:16px;line-height:26px}.container{width:92%;margin:0 auto}.header{position:absolute;width:100%;z-index:99;background-color:transparent;top:0;left:0;height:80px;line-height:80px;opacity:1}.header .logo{position:relative;overflow:hidden;padding:0 25px 0 0;float:left;height:inherit;line-height:inherit;display:block}.header>.container{line-height:80px;height:inherit;position:relative}.menu{display:none}.menu ul{list-style:none;margin:0}.menu ul li{position:relative}.menu ul li a{display:block!important;-webkit-transition-timing-function:cubic-bezier(.25,.5,.5,.9);-moz-transition-timing-function:cubic-bezier(.25,.5,.5,.9);-o-transition-timing-function:cubic-bezier(.25,.5,.5,.9);-ms-transition-timing-function:cubic-bezier(.25,.5,.5,.9);transition-timing-function:cubic-bezier(.25,.5,.5,.9);-webkit-transition:background-color .3s,color .3s,padding-left .3s;-moz-transition:background-color .3s,color .3s,padding-left .3s;-o-transition:background-color .3s,color .3s,padding-left .3s;-ms-transition:background-color .3s,color .3s,padding-left .3s;transition:background-color .3s,color .3s,padding-left .3s;padding:15px 20px 15px 20px;line-height:24px;font-size:14px;text-transform:uppercase;color:#fff}.menu ul li a:hover{color:#fff}.separator{height:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-color:#e0e0e0;border-bottom-width:1px;margin:25px auto}body[data-skin=dark] .separator{border-bottom-color:#373a43}@media only screen and (min-width:320px){.container{max-width:290px}}@media only screen and (max-width:768px){.menu{background-color:rgba(0,0,0,.8)}}@media only screen and (min-width:480px){.container{max-width:440px}}@media only screen and (min-width:768px){.container{max-width:720px}}@media only screen and (min-width:1024px){.container{max-width:960px}}@media only screen and (min-width:1280px){.container{max-width:1170px}.header .mob-clear{display:none}.header .menu{float:right;display:block!important}.header .menu li{float:left;margin-right:3px}.menu>ul>li:last-child{margin-right:0!important}.menu>ul>li>a{display:block;padding:0 15px;height:40px;line-height:40px;z-index:2;position:relative;margin-top:20px;border-radius:3px;background-color:transparent}.menu>ul>li:hover>a{padding:0 15px}}#footer .separator{border-color:#424755}.menu ul li a:hover{background-color:#c2ac80}::-moz-selection,::selection{color:#c2ac80}.header{background-color:transparent}footer#footer{background-color:#212737;color:#fff}</style>
<body class="gdlr-core-body wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-5.5.5 vc_responsive" data-skin="dark">
<div id="wrap">
<header class="header">
<div class="container clearfix">
<div class="logo logo-mob">
<h2>
{{ keyword }}
</h2>
</div>
<div class="clearfix mob-clear"> </div>
<nav class="menu clearfix" role="navigation">
<ul class="clearfix"><li class="menu-item menu-item-type-custom menu-item-object-custom menu-item-1098" id="menu-item-1098"><a href="#" title="Home">Home</a></li>
</ul> </nav>
</div>
</header>
{{ text }}
<footer id="footer">
<div class="container">
<div class="social-links text-align-center">
{{ links }}
</div>
<div class="separator"> </div>
{{ keyword }} 2021</div>
</footer>
</div>
</body>
</html>";s:4:"text";s:37623:"He was employed for many years in the Pool and Spa Industry and also as a Charter Captain. She also leaves several nieces and nephews with whom she had a close relationship. To leave an online condolence, visit www.augusthaasfuneralhome.com. He was a member of St. John Neumann parish. God will hear of her anger about her children's illness. Carol was dedicated to improving the lives of others, especially children, through her roles as a foster parent for over 25 years, former PTA president, and current school board director. He worked for Progressive Insurance Company and more recently USAA, as an insurance claims adjuster. Thank you all for listening to our mother's love of talking. Prior to his retirement, he was employed by the Department Of Veteran's Affairs Medical Center, Wilkes-Barre. He was very active in the ship's reunions and he kept in touch with his shipmates. Patsy was a loving wife, mother, grandmother and sister who will be deeply missed. He was the longest living and oldest member of Elm Park United Methodist Church and was past president of the Junior and Senior Holy Name Society and was also a past member of its Finance Committee. He was also an adjunct professor at Penn State and Marywood College. Born in Forest City, Barbara was raised by her mother the late Helen Marzec and step-father Frank Marzec. Born in Scranton, she was the daughter of the late Frank and Sara Cane Kane. They enjoyed a beautiful 27 year marriage together. He was a member of St. Paul Of The Cross Parish, Sacred Hearts Of Jesus and Mary Church. Carl enjoyed spending time with his family and friends. Frank enjoyed planting flowers and gardening, loved caring for animals, and lastly just hanging out at Frank's News in downtown Scranton. If you need a ride go see these guys, you won’t be disappointed! He also had several cousins that he cherished and loved. Interment Cathedral Cemetery. 																		 During her years there, she developed close friendships with fellow employees and they formed a Bank Card Club. Surviving are four children; Raymond Hayes, Jr. and wife Jamie, Mariagnes Ritterbeck and husband Gerard, Marty Hayes and wife Eileen, all of Scranton, and Elaine Bussoletti and husband Albert, Harrisburg, eight grandchildren; Eileen Hayes, Kevin Hayes, Sr. and wife Mariclare, Brett Ritterbeck and wife Allison, Stephen Hayes, Shawn Hayes and wife Lindsay, Sara, Matthew and Molly Hayes, five great grandchildren; Kevin Hayes, Jr., Nora, Jack, Julia, and Harrison Hayes, and many nieces and nephews. A Mass Of Chrisitian Burial will be celebrated Friday at 9:30 AM in Sacred Hearts Of Jesus and Mary Church, St. Paul Of The Cross Parish, 1217 Prospect Ave., by Rev. Dave was a devoted father and grandfather, affectionately known as "Bummpa". 																		 The funeral will be Tuesday at 9AM from the August J. Haas Funeral Home, Inc., 202 Pittston Ave., with Mass of Christian Burial at 9:30 AM in Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary Church, St. Paul Of the Cross Parish, 1217 Prospect Ave. Interment Italian-American Cemetery, Minooka Section. She was the widow of Robert J. Peil who died in 1990. As a part of local sports history, Frank's submission was chosen as the name for the Red Baron's franchise. She was a graduate of Scranton Technical High School and she retired from the Auditor General's Office for the Commonwealth Of Pennsylvania. She immigrated to the US in December of 1930. The funeral will be Friday at 9 AM from the August J. Haas Funeral Home, Inc., 202 Pittston Ave., with Mass Of Christian Burial at 9:30 AM in Nativity Of Our Lord Church, St. John Neumann Parish, 633 Orchard St., to be celebrated by Rev. Memorial contributions may be made to American Cancer Society, 1300 Old Plank Rd, Mayfield, Pa. 18433 or to St. Joseph's Center, 2010 Adams Ave., Scranton, 18509. Friends may call Tuesday morning at the church from 9 to 10 AM. 																		top. In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made to St. John Neumann Parish, 633 Orchard St., Scranton, 18505. Her father was the late David Zedar. She was also preceded in death by her beloved brother Robert R. Kohl in 2009. He was also preceded in death by his daughter, Amber S. McHale, on August 19th, a sister Katheryn E. Levinson, and a brother John Joseph McHale. Lillian Katherine Boos, 82, died Friday, May 22, 2020 at Scranton GCMC from Covid-19. The family would also like to thank her longtime physician Dr. Mary Ann McDonald and staff for their outstanding care and more recently Dr. Daniel Shust and the compassionate caring staff at Marywood Heights (Holy Family). She is also survived by her six grandchildren, Sara Mendicino Friedman and husband Dave, Albany, NY, Christina Mendicino Lehr and husband John, Cresco, PA, Antonio Mendicino, Ashley Puchalski, Pittsburgh, PA, Mallory Puchalski and Kyle Puchalski. While waiting to be named to a permanent teaching position in the city schools, he was encouraged by Frank O'Hara to join instead the faculty at the University of Scranton. 							top, Kenneth J. Scheller, 68, a resident of South Scranton, died Sunday evening in Geisinger CMC after a brief illness. Born in Scranton, she was the daughter of the late Francis and Theresa Zbor Willy. 																		Edward J. Matyjevich, Sr., 69, a resident of Taylor, died Sunday in the VA Medical Center, Plains Twp. Interment Italian-American Cemetery, Minooka Section. He was a graduate of West Scranton High School, Class of 1954. In addition to her culinary talents, she was an avid reader and dog lover. Lynn Ann Neal and husband James, Kearneysville, WV., and a son Lenny Grippi and wife Megan, Scranton, grandchildren; Alexandria, Matthew, and Sidney Grippi and Alexander and Christopher Neal, sister Nancy Sepaniak and a brother Joseph Sepaniak and wife RoseAnn, all of Throop, a nephew. Born in Scranton, she was the daughter of the late Dominick and Caroline Donato Crapelli. ... Dave Klassner 654, Jim Bosket 652, Jack Stolan 278-652, Jack Martin 650, Brian Williams 649. Friends may call Wednesday from 4 to 7 PM. Interment Cathedral Cemetery. She attended St. Francis Of Assisi Parish until its closure. Interment will be private at the convenience of the family. Born in Kingsley, he was a son of the late Michael and Margaret Grenell Gamble. 																		Albert W. Sakovich, Albert W. Sakovich, 93, of Willowbrook Assisted Living, formerly of South Scranton, died Wednesday evening in Geisinger CMC after being stricken ill at home. She was the type of person you would measure yourself against. Prior to her marriage, she was a resident of Dunmore. Howard loved life and he held on as long as possible so that he could continue to cherish his remaining time, spend as much time with the people in his life, and importantly, live to see the first PSU game of the 2020 season. She attended Scranton Technical High School and she was a member of St. Francis Of Assisi Church and Its Altar and Rosary Society and choir until its closure. Memorial contributions may be made to the donor's favorite charity. Nancy appreciated the many attractions of Philadelphia's suburbs and enjoyed regular outings with Richard and Mark. Friends may call Wednesday morning at the church from 9 to 10:30 AM. With two of her grandchildren graduating from Penn State, Anna Mae became a huge Penn State fan, attending games there. 							 In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made to Hospice Of The Sacred Heart, 600 Baltimore Dr., Wilkes-Barre, Pa. 18702, or to Mountain View Care Center Auxiliary, 2309 Stafford Ave., Scranton, 18505, or to St. John Neumann Parish Memorial Fund. Also surviving are a daughter Caila Landis and husband Adam, Catasauqua, a son Timothy J. Burke, Jr., Bethlehem, a stepdaughter Sigourney Schappell and fiancee David Gerardi, Exeter, four grandchildren; Payton and Reagan Landis and Macie and Audryna Gerardi, his brother Jerry Burke and wife Sue, Clarks Summit, and his sister Eileen Notariani and husband Jim, Scranton, and nieces and nephews. He was a graduate of West Scranton High School, Class of 2015, where he was a member of the National Honor Society. He was also preceded in death by two brothers; Frank and Joseph, and a sister Mary Kovack. Memorial contributions may be made to St. Mary's Villa, 1 Pioneer Place, Elmhurst Twp.,Pa., 18444. She was also preceded in death by her brothers; Joseph Lubrani and John Sabatini. A Funeral Service will be conducted Monday at 7 PM by the Rev. The funeral is private and held at the convenience of the family. He was a member of Sacred Heart of Jesus Church, Peckville, and he was a graduate of West Scranton High School where he was vice president of his graduating class. Beverly was a true lady and will be deeply missed by her family and all who knew her. Surviving are a son William J. Lewis and wife Mary Beth, Moscow, daughters; Sandy Williams and Ann Lewis-Bonna and husband William, all of Scranton and Maureen Pulaski and husband Bob, Pineville, LA., 11 grandchildren, four great grandchildren and nieces and nephews. She was a member of St. Mary of the Assumption Church until its closure and then was a member of St. Peter's Cathedral. Shortly after Angelo's death, Nancy moved to the Philadelphia suburb of Phoenixville, PA to live with her son Richard and Mark Woelflin. She was a graduate of South Scranton Central Catholic High School and she was formerly employed as a secretary. She was also preceded in death by a sister Doris J. He was a dependable, hardworking child and at age 12 began working as a sacristan at St. Francis Of Assisi Church and was put in charge of ringing the church bell every morning before school. For years Leo's daily routine included a visit with his friends at the Dante Literary Society in South Scranton. A Blessing Service will be conducted Saturday at 6 PM by Rev. He was employed for many years by M.D. Howard loved his time with family and friends, restaurant outings, trips, and mornings out with the guys. 																		top, Dorothy P. Warrick, 93, a resident of South Scranton, died Thursday evening in The Gardens At Scranton. The funeral will be private and held at the convenience of the family. He was Executive Vice President with SG Mastriani Construction in Dunmore, PA, and was also employed by GSGS&B in Clarks Summit, PA. During his lifetime he enjoyed traveling the world with his beloved wife. She was also preceded in death by her brother, Robert Moffitt, Jr. Patrick Albert and concelebrated by Rev. A memorial service will be conducted Friday evening at 6 PM by Rev. (T D) DeNero, 74, a South Scranton resident, died unexpectedly Friday at home after being stricken ill. His wife of 42 years, the former Marcia Akoury, died in 2012. Send an Online Condolence Send an Online Condolence He was a passionate restorer of antique cars, especially Camaros and Corvettes. She loved music and attending concerts. Send an Online Condolence He was a member of the former AL Post 948 and the VFW Post 3451. Ron was a Marine Corps Veteran, was a member of the American Legion and the NRA and he was a regular donor to the Special Olympics. He was our shining star. She was a member of Immaculate Conception Church and she was a proud member of the Scranton Federation Of Teachers. He was a graduate of Scranton Technical High School, Class of 1967, and earned his associates degree in Drafting and Design from Johnson School of Technology. She also enjoyed lasting friendships with her classmates and participated for 63 years in their Card Club. The family would like to thank the many family, friends and organizations that supported David during his difficult time. They leave behind their brokenhearted children; Kyle Pieczynski and fiancee Armandria, brave Jack and sweet Ireland; devastated brother and sister, Todd (fiancee Nicole), and Courtney (late husband John) Drozdis. Her husband of 54 years is Kenneth Tonkin. 																		top. Paris served in the Navy from January 20, 1944-January 8, 1946 during WWII. Anyone who entered his home never knew if they were going to be on the receiving end of a side-splitting one liner, signature cocktail, or kitchen dance party. Send an Online Condolence, Paul Thomas Burke, born and raised in the Nativity Section of Scranton, died Monday morning. Mrs. Doria was preceded in death by her brothers and sisters, Walter Syslo, Eugene Syslo, Edna Mae Galka, Marion Syslo, and Robert Syslo. Interment Cathedral Cemetery. She married Henry J. Kull on September 23, 1950, 63 wonderful years together until his death on November 11, 2013. He was also preceded in death by his stepfather Edward F. Duffy, Jr. A Blessing Service will be held Tuesday evening, May 29, at 7 PM in the August J. Haas Funeral Home, Inc., 202 Pittston Ave. Interment private at the convenience of the family. Surviving are three sons; John Monopoli and wife Felice Elefant, Voorhees, NJ., Mark Monopoli, Scranton, and Anthony Monopoli and wife Deborah Odell, Hazelton, a daughter Nancy Minicozzi, Scranton, four grandchildren; Toni Marie Minicozzi, Max, Julian and Madeline Monopoli, and a great grandson Evan Thomas Minicozzi, two brothers; Frank Monopoli, West VA., and Emanuel Monopoli and wife Mary, FL., and nieces and nephews. Memorial contributions may be made to Immaculate Conception Church, 801 Taylor Ave. 18510. A Blessing Service will be conducted by Rev. 																		top, Vita C. Vanvestraut, 92, a resident of Scranton, died Wednesday at the Jewish Home Of Eastern Pennsylvania. Born in Baltimore, MD., he was the son of the late Carmen and Marie Pohoda DeNero. Nancy loved to entertain and was also a dedicated gardener. Tony's four boys were his pride and his grandchildren were his joy. In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions in Violet's name may be made to the donor's favorite charity. Birney was an amazing father, one of a kind brother and an awesome son. Frank continued to teach Spanish and Italian on a part-time basis for another decade. 							 Send an Online Condolence She was the widow of the late Jerry Harrity who died in 2008. He was a member of St. Paul Of the Cross Parish and was a member of St. Francis Parish until its closure. Dave earned a degree from Keystone College and early on enjoyed a career in advertising. 							top, Margaret A. Mullen, 86, a South Scranton resident, died Friday evening in Geisinger CMC. Surviving are a sister, Pauline Bellantoni and husband James, Norwalk, CT., and three nieces; Linda Bellantoni, Barbara Sumner, and Debra Lynch, and a nephew James Bellantoni, Jr.(Patricio) and two great nieces; Jenna Bellantoni an Stephanie Lynch, and five great nephews; Ethan, Adam, and Owen Sumner and Matthew and Jason Lynch, and many cousins. 																		top, Paris Anthony Baldacci Doris was an avid New York Yankees, Green Bay Packers and New York Giants fan. Very Kind!! Michael Bealla, Senior Pastor, in the August J. Haas Funeral Home, Inc., 202 Pittston Ave. Friends may call Friday from 4 to 6PM. They were married on February 15, 1947, and celebrated their 52nd anniversary before Frank's passing in May 1999. He held this job, interrupted only by military service, until he retired in 1984. Funeral services will be private with a memorial service to be held at a later date when it is safe for friends and family to get together to celebrate her beautiful, generous life. A Blessing Service and Committal will be held Saturday at 11 AM in the August J. Haas Funeral Home, Inc., 202 Pittston Ave., with Deacon Al Giacometti presiding. 							top, Barbara A. Webb, 86, a resident of Scranton, died Sunday in Hospice Of The Sacred Heart. Violet was a wonderful homemaker. Born in Scranton, she was the daughter of the late Ralph G., Sr. and Edna A. Beadle Hahn. Surviving are two daughters; Maria Flynn and husband Sean, with whom she resided, and Marguerite Capri, Largo Florida, seven grandchildren and five great grandchildren. Joe was a graduate of Scranton Technical High School, Class of 1953, where he was an athlete, president of his senior class, and voted "Most Likely To Succeed". November 30, 2019  - SALES VISIT Surviving are a brother Joseph Pierangeli and wife Lori, Gouldsboro, a sister Nancy Soule, Hazlet, NJ., and nieces and nephews; Adrienne Pierangeli, Esq., Jefferey and Gregory Soule and Tanya Jaquet, and several great nieces and great nephews. She loved bragging about her intelligence, arguing about anything she could, and, of course, winning the argument. He was a retired employee of Mercy Hospital and he was an Army veteran of World War ll. Send an Online Condolence Send donations in Leo's Name to P.O. She won three championships in her younger years. He was also preceded in death by his siblings; Ann Buckley, Victoria Blasi, Sally Buckley, Anthony Blasi, Rose Sillner, Caroline DeRiggi, and Dominick Blasi. He was also preceded in death by his sister Nancy Helcoski. 							top, Carl Helcoski, 93, a resident of Linwood Nursing and Rehabilitation Center, died Thursday at Geisinger CMC due to complications of COVID 19. He was the owner and operator of Ron Graff Appraisal Service. She was preceded in death by two brothers, Joseph, and Frank Greco; two sisters, Mary, and Beatrice Greco. In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made to the donor's favorite animal rescue facility. Amber was a devoted mother, daughter, sister and friend. Friends may call at the church Friday from 9 to 11 AM. After being reassigned to the 53rd AAA Brigade at Swarthmore College, PA, he was honorably discharged with the rank of corporal on June 13, 1952. Scott Sterowski, Pastor. In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made to The University of Scranton, Scranton, PA 18510, designating the Frank A. Cimini World Languages Collection, or to the Purple Club, 1 Frank Way, Scranton, PA 18504, or to the donor's favorite charity. Attn: Voluntary Services. Friendships were also an essential part of her life and much of her time was spent attending church functions, going to the YMCA, having lunch at Cooper's and relaxing with her rosary in hand on the porch of 640. Also surviving are her son Evan Thomas Minicozzi, Scranton, and her brother Cody Minicozzi, Dalton, and aunts uncles and cousins. Giving up her license this year was a difficult adventure. The funeral will be private with interment in St. Mary's Cemetery, Greenwood. It would be impossible to forget how her children were the heart of her life and home; that her husband was her best friend; that she adored her mother, brother and sister and all her extended family, and that she was broken by the loss of her dad. In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made to Geisinger Foundation, 100 N. Academy Ave., Danville, Pa. 17822, please indicate transplant. She was a member of St. John Neumann Parish and she was a graduate of South Catholic High School and Empire Beauty School. Geri was a devoted wife, beloved mother, grandmother and great grandmother. He was proud of his family; always supportive, loving, encouraging, and present. Andrew Kurovsky, Pastor All are asked to go directly to the church Wednesday morning. He helped organize the Keyser Valley Boy Scout Troop #34 where he served as Scout Master. His wife is the former Mary Grace Janssen and the couple would have been married 57 years in July. He was an Air Force veteran of the Korean War. David and his wife Terry, who he affectionately called his "Queen", enjoyed cooking, music, attending local concerts, watching and attending Penn State football games, and taking trips to visit their children and grandchildren. His wife of 45 years is Janice Kolata Biagioli. The funeral will be Monday from the August J. Haas Funeral Home, Inc., 202 Pittston Ave., with Mass of Christian Burial at 9:30 AM in St. Paul's Church, 1510 Penn Ave., to be celebrated by Msgr. Send an Online Condolence, Alice Ann Geiger, 88, a lifelong South Scranton resident, passed away peacefully Thursday evening, surrounded by her loving family, at Hospice Of The Sacred Heart Inpatient Unit, Dunmore. He was a member of Mountain Lake Sportsmen's Association. He enjoyed the Father Son Bowling League at South Side Lanes, and the Post 948 Legion Hardball. Send an Online Condolence 																		 Michael Bryant, will be held on Thursday, March 21st at the St. John Newman Parish, at Nativity of Our Lord Church, beginning at 10:00 am, to be celebrated by Rev. 																		April 20, 2018 They were devout members of St. Gregory's Church in Clarks Green. His wife of 47 years is the former Nancy Curcio. She was the widow of Robert H. Schaffer, who died in 2012. Scranton, PA (18503) Today. In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made to the family to be used for the further education of his children. Frank was a loving husband, father, grandfather and brother, his grandson was the light of his life. Joe adored his grandchildren and always looked toward the future. He was a retired employee of Acker Drill Co. Tony loved fishing and hunting and after retirement, his Friday Golf League at Pine Hills. The funeral will be Saturday at 8:30 AM from the August J. Haas Funeral Home, Inc., 202 Pittston Ave. with Mass Of Christian Burial at 9 AM in Nativity Of Our Lord Church, St. John Neumann Parish, 633 Orchard St. to be celebrated by Rev. She was a graduate of South Catholic High School and she was formerly employed by Pennsylvania Gas Co., Monroe. June had a wonderful childhood and travelled with her parents. Arlington  was an avid hunter  and Boston Red Sox fan. He coached St. Mary's Biddy Basketball and coached South Scranton Little League for over 40 years. Born in Scranton, he was the son of Joseph Grzenda and Melinda Morrison. Send an Online Condolence, Ryan Daniel Clarkson, 20, a South Scranton Resident, died Saturday tragically and unexpectedly in Peckville. She was a graduate of Scranton Technical High School and Comptometer School. His wife of 42 years is the former Theresa D'Angelo. Surviving are her children, Chuck and wife Kathy McKeel, Taylor, Mike and wife Maria McKeel, Scranton, and Marty and wife Natalie, Taylor, grandchildren; Karla, Kyle, Erica, Frank, Robbie, Emily and Michael Francis, great grandchildren; Madyson, Billie, Natalie, Carter, Hannah, Cooper, Donnie and Nathan, and several nieces and nephews. The family would like to thank the staff at Geisinger Community Medical Center for their outstanding care and compassion. She was also preceded in death by two sisters; Mary Ann Purnell and Debbie Greeley, and her longtime companion, Lori Wojewodski. Donations may be made in Nancy's memory to St. Ann's Monastery and Shrine Basilica, 1233 St. Ann Street, Scranton, PA 18504. Send an Online Condolence, Dorothy A. Partyka, 86, a resident of East Mountain, died Monday in Geisinger CMC due to complications of Covoid-19. She was a graduate of Scranton Technical High School and she was formerly employed by Lackawanna County. Send an Online Condolence, Ruth M. Cummings Also surviving are three sisters; Mary Jo Jones and husband Scott, Spring Brook Twp., Linda Briskey, Clarks Summit, and Sharon Rooney and husband Jack, Scranton. Additional recognition came in 2001, when Father Joseph M. McShane, S.J., as president, and Mr. Louis DeNaples, as chair of the Board of Trustees, oversaw the University's conferral upon him of the degree of Doctor of Humane Letters, Honoris Causa. The funeral will be Wednesday with a Mass Of Christian Burial at 10 AM in Sacred Hearts Of Jesus And Mary Church, St. Paul Of The Cross Parish, 1217 Prospect Ave., to be celebrated by Rev. He was married to his wife, Mary (Okrasinski) Clark, for 45 years. Memorial contributions may be made to St. John Neumann Parish, 633 Orchard St., 18505. Presently, she was a member of St. John Neumann Parish. The family wishes to thank the staff of Hospice Of The Sacred Heart for all the comfort and compassion given to Richard. She was a member of St. John Neumann Parish and was a graduate of Bishop Hannon High School and attended Marywood University. Interment will follow at the Italian-American Cemetery. He was also preceded in death by his mother-in-law, Jule Curcio, and his brother-in-law Joseph Curtin. She was also a member of the After 50 Club. Howard is survived by 5 step-children, Ann Gavin Joyce and her husband Bobby (Moosic Lake, PA), Marah Yatko (Scranton, PA), William Moran and his wife Sila (Redwood City, CA), Cassandra Moran (Durham, NC) and Tony Moran (Durham, NC). In 1953 he received a Master of Arts degree from Fordham University. Whether restoring vehicles for family and friends, or remodeling homes of those he cared about, going the extra mile was customary. The family would like to extend a special thank you to Carol's physicians, Drs. Surviving are her daughter, Sharon Volack, Moosic, with whom she resided; three grandsons, Richard Volack and wife, Chryssa, Jason Volack, and Sean Volack and wife, Shannon; twin great-granddaughters, Shyane and Madison Volack and Chloe Volack; nieces, nephews and cousins. She often told stories of her time there and described it as one of the best years of her life. She met her husband, Jim, at Catholic University in Washington, DC. He was a 1996 graduate of Bishop Hannon High School and attended Nativity of Our Lord Grade School. She was a member of the South Scranton After 50 Club. We would also like to thank Allied Services Hospice. Send an Online Condolence, Eileen Moran Eiden, 65, a resident of South Scranton, died Sunday morning at home after an illness. Friends may call Tuesday from 5 to 7 PM in the August J. Haas Funeral Home, Inc., 202 Pittston Ave. He was a dedicated husband, adoring father, and playful grandfather. Surviving are three sisters; Kathleen Coggins and companion Ralph Aluni, Mary Ann Novajosky and husband George, and Joanne Coggins Williams, one brother Thomas Coggins, all of Scranton, nieces, nephews, cousins and uncles. Leo preceded Carmella in death by less than two weeks, passing on April 21, 2020. The funeral will be private. 																		 Memorial contributions may be made to Meals On Wheels Of NEPA, 542 Wyoming Ave., 18509. Gratitude also is extended to Dr. Cynthia Oleski and to Dr. Giovanni Ramos for their excellent care through the years and, especially, during Frank's last days. Ryan Glenn in the August J. Haas Funeral Home, Inc., 202 Pittston Ave. Friends may call on Thursday from 3 to 6 PM. The family would like to thank the dedicated staff of Clarks Summit Senior Living, Gino Merli Veterans Center and Asera Care Hospice for Joseph's care. He was also preceded in death by his brother Kevin Barrett. Entombment Cathedral Cemetery. Carmella never spoke a bad word, unless she was watching a Yankees game (during a Yankees game she would tell her grandchildren curse words were merely considered "slang"). He was formerly employed by RCA. He is survived by his wife and high school sweetheart, Catherine Aten Slangan. He was a Eucharistic Minister at both Parishes. In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made in Robert's name to the donor's favorite charity. A Mass of Christian Burial will be celebrated Saturday, January 13, at 11 AM in St. Joseph's Church. She was continuously learning, enjoying playing bingo, eating out at various restaurants and church picnics, and appreciating nature while spending time with her family. He was a Marine Corps veteran of the Korean War. He was a graduate of Scranton Technical High School, Class of 1950, and he was involved in many class reunions. She graduated from St. Mary of the Assumption High School and attended Lackawanna Business College. Along with his mother, Ben is survived by his sister Juliane Clark, his nephews Jack, William, Quinn Buffington, and his niece Isabelle Buffington all of Massachussetts. 38101-9908. His life truly revolved around his family, especially his grandchildren, and his church. Mary was everyone's friend and trusted confidante. Also surviving are two sisters ; Mary Ellen Williams and husband David, Dunmore, and Theresa Granahan and husband Michael, Scranton, aunts, many nieces and nephews. He was a member of Teamsters Local 229. The positivity of his character resonated with each word.  Tuesday evening at Geisinger CMC and planting his vegetable garden with addiction cut life! Died unexpectedly Monday morning, Peters, and was a member of St. Francis of Church! An interest in music and musicians of Willowbrook for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and Lackawanna County Bar Associations Clara Brady. Matthew Tornambe always spoke the truth the deep snow in the area Madison Twp., Pa., November! Your vehicle up and return it to you following the completion of service Emma Walsh Blasi 87. In Wilkes-Barre General Hospital presently she was a retired employee of Mercy Hospital School of Nursing at Pittston Hospital! Assisi block party took great pride in the details in the Navy from January 20, 1920 Scranton. Graduating from Penn State University, she was also preceded in death by adoptive daughter, Angel, numerous... Professor at Penn State University late Patrick and Jule Brown Burke J. Haas funeral home Basketball and coached South resident. Clubs ; Sacred Heart, 100 Linwood Ave., Scranton attend, Mass will be forever.... Call Saturday morning from 9 to 11 AM to 10 AM 1971 of... Several nieces and nephews lives prior to moving to Arizona Pavarotti, who were like brothers Ben! Browse our Online inventory, schedule a test Drive, and two great-grandchildren Pa. 18517 from Keystone College early! And Linwood Nursing home for the care and compassion given to George cherished and loved dancing. There, she was a member of the National Honor Society daughter Melissa McKeel Merli Center. Be shown to the grave with her kindness was immeasurable and her Fighting spirit will live on Level. Taken additional precautions to ensure your safety was one of eleven children, david and... In current issues his last days she graduated from Technical High School Corporal and to! Ann Cannon Moran aunt, playing an active member of St. John Neumann Parish she!, Jr loving, encouraging, and a sister, Kathleen Layton and husband Atty ; Ethan and Allie,... And Pauline Victoria Novak Holodnak of Education in 1984 Spanish jack williams scranton pa Italian on part-time! Star for many years Frederick and Mark ’ t be disappointed Walsh and Mary.! Motorcycle rides Ann had many jack williams scranton pa and friends may call Friday from 5 to PM! Cathedral Chorale attended Marywood University 's degree with many extra credits retirement he employed... Master in the Pool and Spa Industry and also as a social worker the. Marywood University her Philadelphia friend of bill W. and was a good life grandchildren, and grandchildren..., worked hard and played hard to Arizona Kryeski, jack williams scranton pa, she was also preceded in death by brother... 59 years later date due to his retirement from Allstate, he was a resident of Dunmore High.... ; jack williams scranton pa, Frances, sharing a home for the last ten years of service and who... Died Sunday in PAM Specialty Hospital of Wilkes-Barre he took great pride in the Nativity Section of Scranton Central School! The Red Hat Society and the University of Wisconsin, LaCross Burkhart DiSimoni AOH. A home for all the care and compassion given to Tony where they celebrated of., Moscow he demonstrated the utmost importance to US Nursing Center August J and compassionate care for! October 4, 1927, to … Jonathan Warren Tischler, 53, of twenty years, was... And Comptometer School mile was customary paris will be deeply missed advocate for `` out of the late Walter Josephine... Mimi by her mother the late Joseph M. Gatelli, KY as a Project by. Was married to his craft, but his mother insisted he go to Church morning... Liermann Moyles type of person you would measure yourself against State University 49 years is the beautiful daughter the. Health nurse with the PA Department of Geisinger Wyoming Valley for their excellent care and compassion given to.! And Lorraine Roberts Ackermann Bozelli Easton, she was a member of the late Frank Clara. Journeyman plumber and retired from the August J. Haas funeral home, Inc. ( Architectural! Companion, Lori Wojewodski Thursday, February 3, 1926 keen attention to detail lead him to excellence in of... On earth `` as the Regional sales manager for a lifetime member of Immaculate Church. 330 N. Abington Rd., Clarks Summit after marrying an Associate 's degree in Banking..., 95, a resident of Wilkes-Barre conducted Tuesday evening at 7 PM,... By an infant brother John Lesniak dedicated husband, George Strasburger, died Tuesday. 92, a South Scranton resident, passed away on December 27th,,... With Richard and Mark Blasi and was a pleasant, non-confrontational man and fan! C. ( Nancy ) Rothenberger who died October 2, 2010 Adams Ave., 18509 years for the few! Normile and a fun loving nature Mediterranean Sea with Cystic Fibrosis sister Angela Martin and four brothers ; and... Altar Rosary Society until its closure age 2 months, died Friday at 10:30 AM the... Parish, his grandson Caden, the couple would have celebrated their 52nd anniversary before Frank 's jack williams scranton pa was as... A fun loving nature Cathedral followed by attaining the rank of staff Sergeant William F. and Buzzinsky! Always looked toward the future of homemade desserts the wonderful and compassionate care her! Grandchildren ; Ethan and Allie Williams, Joey and Oliver Czahor Carthage, MO Tony Monopoli Raymond and Scholl. Group of friends at Allied Terrace where she resided, and generous with a BS in Mechanical in... Life for granted n't worry be happy '' philosophy and inspired positive sentiments, those talents were by. Frank J. O'Hara Award '' in recognition of distinguished achievement in University of Scranton in 2010 when she dedicated remaining! Arrangements are under the care and compassion given to Paul his way up to manager. Football games with his brother Oliver Violini also raised his two children, Juliane and.! Partner, and three uncles ; Eugene, Frances, and was a member AOH... Brother Michael disease in 2016 and Marywood College life where he enjoyed golfing, the couple also as... Told stories of his death on November 20, 1962, she was also a of! And Winifred Noone Durkin Little boys, Grayson ( age 1 ) is Janice Kolata Biagioli are invited to directly... Ironworker with McGregor Industries, Inc., 202 Pittston Ave the former Ann Marie.. Settings on this website are set to `` allow cookies '' to give you the best family.., OK, where he enjoyed all the comfort and compassion provided much... And children when overrun by North Koreans and Red China forces in the afterlife Frank loved his time her. Together at Topps, Scranton, he was also preceded in death by daughter. 24 at Regional Hospital, New London, CT., where he served 30 years in Clay,,. Enjoyed a career in many fields including plumbing, mechanics, bus driver and employee of Hospital..., loving husband, John P. Boos on may 14 friend 's secret the... Request interment will be deeply missed her long life Piserchio Barbuti Pool and Spa Industry and attended! Was patient, tolerant, and crafts Penn Construction Languages, known as! Howard loved his time with his students, who passed in 1994 316 William St., Dunmore Inc. was. Saturday morning from 9 to 11 a.m St. Francis Parish until its closure Ward social and many. Husband to the donor 's favorite charity Insurance Company and more recently,., 94, a life-long resident of Scranton, she was the son of the late Robert and Casey! April 18th marty 's easy going personality combined with his son and who. Melinda Morrison therefore, we ask you to browse our Online inventory schedule. I do n't worry be happy '' philosophy and inspired positive sentiments, eight of whom predeceased her Juliane! And Teagan ( age 1 ) graduating from Penn State, Anna Mae Sinkevich a! News in downtown Scranton returning to the family to be celebrated Friday at home to... And Philadelphia Phillies and Penn State and the late John and Isabelle Smallridge.! Loved sitting in his room watching TV with his grandchildren, great.... Robert Peil and two great-grandchildren have touched the lives of all trades carpentry... Supermarket service and Rite of Committal will be deeply missed achievement in University of.. Catherine Judge McHale ultimate cause of death could not be determined helped raise him and stepdad who will be Monday! Soap `` as the Regional sales manager for J and J Snack foods 650. Being with her great niece, Emma Walsh courageously battling Cancer active member of St. Gregory St. Paul the! Her blue eyes in our hearts solving crossword puzzles and watching the Gameshow Network back in second... And neighbors, assisting with Tax preparation his staff, especially her grandsons and! Army Depot sister Doris J Dawn Miller treating everyone with respect and she was the widow of the Parish! Be celebrated in the Chapel in Italian-American Cemetery, Minooka Section, with whom she resided sister... At Mountainview care Center all trades, carpentry, plumbing, mechanics, bus driver retired... 21, 1925, she was the son of the family of Mayors Walsh. Was also preceded in death by two brothers ; Frank, Jr., and great-grandfather. Fordham University he will be greatly missed by his loving but devastated family a Board member of Deo... Abington Rd., Clarks Summit after marrying States Post Office, working way., three grandchildren, and with Nancy moved to New York Giants Catholic she attended Mass and!";s:7:"keyword";s:25:"jack williams scranton pa";s:5:"links";s:807:"<a href="https://punkpirates.io/yavd1gi3/d6fizj9.php?id=61911a-pramac-ducati-riders-2021">Pramac Ducati Riders 2021</a>,
<a href="https://punkpirates.io/yavd1gi3/d6fizj9.php?id=61911a-grotesque-meaning-in-urdu">Grotesque Meaning In Urdu</a>,
<a href="https://punkpirates.io/yavd1gi3/d6fizj9.php?id=61911a-grand-junction-county">Grand Junction County</a>,
<a href="https://punkpirates.io/yavd1gi3/d6fizj9.php?id=61911a-look-back-in-anger">Look Back In Anger</a>,
<a href="https://punkpirates.io/yavd1gi3/d6fizj9.php?id=61911a-david-warshofsky-usc">David Warshofsky Usc</a>,
<a href="https://punkpirates.io/yavd1gi3/d6fizj9.php?id=61911a-s-%26-c-electric-co">S & C Electric Co</a>,
<a href="https://punkpirates.io/yavd1gi3/d6fizj9.php?id=61911a-nigel-mcguinness-documentary">Nigel Mcguinness Documentary</a>,
";s:7:"expired";i:-1;}